Hey Trainers! The 2023 Fresno Regional Championship is over and it's the end of the BST—SVI format. I decided to write this as a way to process my 2022–2023 season, but I also wanted to create piece of content for the community. I wanted to make something that's becoming a bit of a lost art, something classic—a tournament report. 

With access to an infinity pool of gameplay videos, daily live streams, and day-of tournament winning list, players today are competing in what's referred to as the ‘e-sports era’ of the Pokemon TCG. The glory days of sites like The Charizard Lounge and Six-Prizes are long gone. Information is everywhere and keeping a deck list private is a way of the past. 

So sit back, relax, and enjoy an article that attempts to pay homage  to the the legacy content of the greats. The days before players had access to all the top 8 lists from limitless. Before pokestats.live leaked your deck to your next round opponent.


ABOUT ME
------------
My name is Tyler Renfro, and I've been playing the Pokémon TCG for the past 8 years (although I originally learned how to play on Pokémon Play It! In 1998). Most of you have probably not heard of me. I'm far from a top player—I have zero top cut finishes, aside from top 64s—my best placement being 50th, I've never been on stream, and I have never qualified for Worlds—I simply enjoy the hobby.


2022–2023 Season Summary
As mentioned, part of this articles purpose is to help myself process the season, and how my run for a Worlds invite went. The year started with the announcement that the 2023 World Championships would be hosted in Yokohama, Japan. A little cliché, but this year, the Worlds was going to fall on my 31st birthday. I considered this season be my final push for chasing an invite and I wanted to go big. I planned to attend as many events as possible to pursue this goal and make my dream happen.

Throughout the season, I didn't have an in-person testing group as a result of relocating to Colorado during the COVID-19 pandemic. Without local play I was struggled to find players in my area to practice with. For the entire season, the only games I played on paper were at premiere events. 

My strategy for deck choice was what I believed to be the strongest deck in format combined with what I could pilot the best. Here's a brief recap of my tournament history, deck choices (with lists), and short summary of my runs.